---
date: 2020-01-19
title: Devlog 9 - COVID-19
summary: New Challenges.

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - archaeology
  - news
  - cultural-heritage-informatics
---

# Devlog 9: COVID-19

•	So….We face some new challenges now.

•	I never thought that a Worldwide Pandemic would actually happen, but here we are and so we take a deep breath and rethink. 

•	I have very quickly had to pack up my life in Ottawa and move back home, I can no longer physically meet up with the Nature group. Not that I should have because of Social Distancing and what not. 

•	What this means for us is that we can no longer take any pictures of the Catalogue, and we could not even ask for pictures to be taken for us because the Museum is on Shut down and everyone has been directed to work from home. (Understandably)

•	Unfortunately, this is the new normal and we must work with it. As a group we have been relying on our email chain, and just keep each other updated on the state of the Project.

•	CURRENT UPDATES- Aaliyah is working on trying to figure out Azure, it’s a learning curve that is for sure, but I have confidence in her abilities, and Malinda has offered assistance if she is still having troubles later on. 

•	There is also no longer a HeritageJam, I am disappointed about this. I was looking forward to seeing how our project would be useful to others as well as just presenting our project. But again, HeritageJam is not worth risking the health of those involved. 

•	We shall see how we navigate these new challenges, but I am optimistic that while different our project will be as successful as it can be. 


---
