---
date: 2020-01-25
title: Devlog 2 - Museum of Hiistory Visit
summary: A look into their collections.

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - archaeology
  - week 2
  - cultural-heritage-informatics
---

# Museum of History Visit

•This week we visited the Musuem of History to learn more about their collections,libriary and arrchieves and the way in which
they function.
• What was particualry interesting from this visit was learing how integral getting the meta data right contributes to the overall sucess of digitally searching in the online collections. The importance of using the right word when tagging these artifacts. I.e. ensureing that 50 years ago the same discriptive word is the same word used today, then going about ensuring that both of those words are asscoiated with the object.
•This is definitly a challenge that I didn't realize exisited, and I am excited to see how members of the class contribute to this. 
•This trip made me reconsider if I had chosen the correct museum to work with, as their collections are vast and very interesting, albiet filled with canoes -- though they are interesting themselves. Though, I think I am still leaning towards the museum of nature. 
•Another thing that peaked my interest was the involvement of poeple in ensuring that that the operation of the digitial catologure ran smoothly when different reaserchers call in looking for different objects, photo negatives, books etc. 
•I think that as a whole we are so privlegded in the world or media and devices that we sometime forget that devices do not always work on their own and need a team of people to work with it. 
• I also remember them metioning at the museum that they are switching over their catalogue (?) or collections (?) system. I wonder if that will hinder their overall system, or network that they already have?
•Like they said they still ahve so much work to do, will the switch affect that? 
•I do not know when that switch is happenign, but I hoping for the benefit of the my classmates who have will be working with this museum it is later on. 
• I really enjoyed this trip to see how the more private aspect of the museum works. I am really looking forward to the trip to the upcomig trips to the Nature museum and the Science and Tech to see how they compare. 
---
