---
date: 2020-03-09
title: Devlog 8 - Taking Pictures
summary: Chole comes to take pictures.

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - archaeology
  - news
  - cultural-heritage-informatics
---

# Devlog 8: Taking Pictures

•	Last Friday Chloe came to the Nature Museum to help me take the rest of the pictures that we need to allow for Aaliyah to begin running them through Azure. 

•	The whole thing took us about an hour, I would take pictures on diretly from the One Drive app while Chloe would rename the files so that we can keep track of our process. 

•	We just titled them after the site number and put the image order beside it Ex. 98-1.jpg

•	Aaliyah had asked us to make sure the files were .JPG because for some odd reason, that we still do not know why, the iPhone was taking them as .HEIC files. 

•	While we were taking pictures, we noticed that the catalogue was split into different categories, for example there was Selected fields for all species, cuts, burns and tooth marks and animal age. 

•	This was information that we did not know what to do with, so we finished taking pictures for the Selected fields category and the Cuts and Burns one, as they both focused primarily on bones. 

•	When we got to the age category, we were nearing our time, and we did not really know how we would use that information. 

•	What we decided was that Aaliyah had enough pictures so that she could begin to work on feeding the pictures into Azure. We have more time and opportunity to take more pictures and talk as a group what we plan on doing with the other categories. 


---
