---
date: 2020-02-10
title: Devlog 5 - First Museum Visit for the Project
summary: Coming up with a plan for our project.

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - archaeology
  - news
  - cultural-heritage-informatics
---

# Devlog 5: First Museum Visit for the Project

•	On February 12th Chloe, Aaliyah, Malinda and I were able to go to the Museum to begin taking pictures for our project. Alina was unable to make it to this trip because of class, but Malinda is keeping her up to date. 

•	Shyong and Sean met with us when we first got there to go over the material, and to guide us in the direction of what they hope to get out of this project. 

•	Shyong informed us on all the archeological and scientific jargon that we will come across during this process, and Sean told us that the information that we are going to be working with was originally put into a processor called D-Base, but it is ancient and that our group moving it to another digital format will help ensure that this information can be used and accessed more effectively. 

•	After going over the all of the cards and catalogues provided to us we decided that the best way to approach all this information is to:

•	Focus on one Catalogue at a time, as to not overwhelm ourselves. 

•	So we took a picture of the summary page that corresponds with the catalogue to one archeological site, then we took a picture of just one page of the catalogue page.

•	We are only doing one page at a time so as to find all the corresponding catalogue cards that are listed on the page, which takes quite a bit of time because the cards are not in the same order in their boxes as they are on the page.

•	We have uploaded all these pictures to my OneDrive account into a shared folder because there is no way to share images or work collaboratively on Tropy. Using OneDrive ensures that we all have access to these images at all times as we are not all available on the same days to get together to work on this project. Also, for some reason Chloe was unable to access/download Tropy successfully, she said that she will keep us updated if she is able to get it working.

•	We have named the files as such- “catalogue ref # -page # - catalogue card ref #” Ex. 98-1-1954

•	Next Steps- to successfully take all the pictures, move them to Tropy to start inputting their metadata


---
