---
date: 2020-04-09
title: Devlog 11 - Final Product
summary: And so the journey come to an end...
# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - archaeology
  - news
  - cultural-heritage-informatics
---

# Devlog 11 - Final Product

•	We have progress! Aaliyah was able to figure out how to scan our catalogue pages and we have data.

•	With the data We split it up between Malinda and me. We transferred all the data over to google sheets, and spend some time moving it into columns and readable data. 

•	Then Chloe and Alina were to go in and cross reference it with the original data to ensure that whatever the program didn’t pick up came across in our data charts. (a tedious task)

•	Due to time constraints, and attempting to navigate, various email chains, as well as, some of our files were not able to download, and therefore did not get read, and therefore will not be in the final product. 

•	With the information once the sheets document was finished, to them to the professor and together uploaded all our data to herokuapp.

•	It was a refreshing feeling having our project “finished” however it also didn’t feel finished because I know that had we had the opportunity we could have been able to gather more data and make more of this information accessible. 

•	I know that it was out of our control. 

•	When I was looking at our data, I noticed that a lot of the data was out of order. I think that having this data digitized would make it easier to access this data. 

•	This access will allow for more people to share and exchange different ideas when interpreting this data. 

•	That was the goal that was set for this project, and I am glad that though it is not much data, the digitization will allow for this data that was sitting in a box in the museum to have a new life. 

•	Once we got the finished project as well, I had some fun running it though RAWgraphs. I like this tool because it really allows for the data to be visualized in what I think is a more succinct way.

•	Had the HeritageJam been able to take place, I think this data could have been used in some really cool ways. 

•	Overall, this course has given me many new experiences and skill, and while it was a learning curve, and still continues to confuse me at time I am excited to learn more about data and how to work with it. 

---
