---
date: 2020-02-24
title: Devlog 6 - Project Update
summary: Progress.

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - archaeology
  - news
  - cultural-heritage-informatics
---

# Devlog 6: Project Update

•	This week we are just coming back from reading week, and all of the members of the Nature group are pretty packed full with assignments and other commitments, and so this we are not able to get to the Museum to get more pictures or really work a whole lot on the project.  

•	Though, last week were all feeling a little skeptical about it the approach that we had decided on was 1. Correct and 2. The most effective way that we could be transferring the information online. 

•	As we discussed in class this week, Interpretation is a narrative and a method of communicating to and with visitors in Museums. I think that this is something that is important when attempting to figure out what information we are given is important to keep and upload online, and what is just too much to work with right now. Then once we have the information, we have decided is important, the people who come to the HeritageJam and use out information will decide what is important to display. It is interesting to see the process of this interconnectedness in the transfer of information to the public.

•	Update on Chole and her ability to access Tropy- she is still receiving error messages, so hopefully we will be able to find a way around everyone using Tropy.

•	The Nature group are hoping that a meeting with Professor Graham next will give us more clarity on our approach.



---
