---
date: 2020-01-19
title: Devlog 1 - Getting Started
summary: Narrowing my scope and choosing my stories

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - archaeology
  - news
  - cultural-heritage-informatics
---

# Devlog 1: Museums

•Going back to the disscussion that we had in class in which we answered the question "What is a Museum to you, and what is it you really want to know about how they organize their collections?" I'm particualrily interested in the ethics in obtaining objects and keeping them, but specifically the networks that are involved in this process. 
•For instance Patty Gerstenblith looks specfically at the restitution from museum collections, in which she looks at the legality of ownership of certain artifacts such as stolen art and items from the Holocaust, human remains, and items belonging to indigenous culture. She writes that in Canada once an item is stolen it remains stolen and does not belong to a person once they have recieved the item in "good faith" like in the UK. 
• I am interested in the networks of one how these items have been aquired, how these networks come to conclusion about what to do in the matters of reperations. I am alos interested in the networks of how artifacts have been aquired in "good faith" and the involvment of, say, indigenous peoples in the inclusion of theire "good faith" artifacts.
• I think The Musuem of Nature would be interesting to look at how their "good" faith networks work, which is why I am intersted in working with them. 
•I know that many guidebooks have been given to the Museum for exhibtion purposes, and therefore have been classified as "good faith" aquisition. Though, what are the ethics surrounding the aquistion of sea creatures and animal remains? Where the insects and sea animals alive, and how did they get there? If there are species that are from outside of Canada who are the people that got them there? Is permission needed?
• It will be interesting to see how networks and ethical networks work in the realm of nature.

---
