---
date: 2020-01-27
title: Devlog 3 - Museum of Nature Visit
summary: Digital Progress at the Nature Museum

# optional header image (relative to 'static/img/' folder).
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
tags:
  - devlog
  - archaeology
  - news
  - cultural-heritage-informatics
---

# Devlog 3: Museum of Nature Visit

•	This week we visited the Nature Museum Research Centre to look into what kind of information that they have planned for us to use in our project. 

•	They showed us a variety of logbooks and which contained the collections of different animal species for given excavation sites and their corresponding site cards.

•	I think that this will be an interesting set of information to try and link together, but I also think that it will very educational on my part because of the scientific aspect that comes along with this information.

•	While I am a volunteer at this centre, I have only been here for two weeks and I think that being a part of this group will allow me to meet new people at the museum, and also give me something to talk about other than the Library’s Card catalogue. 

•	What was different about this museum is their lack of digital progress. Whereas CHM has a variety of collections and archives that are digitized the Nature Museum does not have nearly the equivalent in their own digital archives. 

•	This is due to a variety of reasons, lack of resource and/or funding, time, or as it was pointed out the longer they wait the sooner they can learn from the mistakes and issues the other Museums come across in their move to the digital.

•	I think that working in collaboration with the Nature Museum will aid in showing the Museum that there is an importance in moving this information online, for public and private access, and hopefully push them to rising the priority of moving more of their information to digital formats.


---
